# Restaurant-Management-System

This Restaurant Management System is an adaptive Python script with multiple functionalities to regulate several processes of a restaurant’s activity with friendly interfaces for customers and employees. Its essence lies in the technology of a menu that is a JSON structure, which allows for simple menu management and manipulation.

Display and Ordering : Upon executing the program, the program opens and shows a user-friendly welcome message after which a list of items with the price and rating of each item is displayed. Customers can conveniently scan through a list of products that is displayed in front of them and identify those products that appeal to them at that particular time and in the desired measures to make orders. The digital plan of the system enables computation of the total bill depending on the individual items and quantities ordered, making the buying process a delightful and uneventful experience.

Menu Management : The management in the restaurant enables the staff to have the capacity to manage the menu easily via the system. They include features of an item such as an item name, price, and whether it is vegetarian or non-vegetarian an item on the menu. This functionality helps to maintain relevancy of the menu and changes and additions to the menu following the customers’ preferences and tendencies in the restaurant business.

Rating System : Alongside ordering food products, customers also have an opportunity to influence the choice of dishes; that is by rating menu products. The primary purpose of this feedback mechanism is to know patrons’ satisfaction levels and their preferred restaurant dishes so as to satisfy the needs of patrons and at the same time for the restaurant management to determine the popularity and quality of the dishes offered to patrons. Expert opinions provide feedback for the constant improvement of the menu and the identification of factors that influence customers’ choices and loyalty.
